some of the common misconceptions about our field is one is that all chaplains
are the same that we all do believe the same thing but actuality.
We all come from our own faith backgrounds and were given permission
to act as such and act within our faith backgrounds. Another
misconception is that all we do is walk around and and talk to people
and a bearer of good news when the truth of the matter is that were
many times in places of of despair and places, of hurt and confusion.
And we are brought into that a real level because we're stationed
with them and sometimes deployed with them doing life with them,
and it could take a real toll on individual both them as they're presenting
the information. But to us is as chaplains who are carrying
it all with us.